Adds note for Chrome OS/CloudReady users (#22266)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/installations/prerequisites.md

**Note for CloudReady users**

> Chrome OS/CloudReady users will need to install install Git from source with instructions at this [Digital Ocean tutorial](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-git-on-debian-10#installing-git-from-source).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chrome OS/CloudReady users will need to install Git from source by following the instructions at this [Digital Ocean tutorial](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-git-on-debian-10#installing-git-from-source).
```
